
As HOST enters the locker room, you can hear another fur saying your host's name,  "HOST, where you been lately?  I hope you haven't been messing around with artifacts above your abilities." 
HOST turns to face the direction fromw hicht he voice came and sees Ruger, a 28 year old German shepherd in his boxers at the end of a long aisle of lockers.  "Trying to catch up on some gym time huh?"  Ruger steps closer to Host and sees a strange expression on HOST 's face.
"You doin' alright buddy?  You're looking a little pale.  "Was it something I said?"   HOST remains silent and gulps a little, you can feel his stress before the more senior student.  
"Wait a minute...  No way, I was joking before,  but did you really....?"  The shepherd grows more concerned and you can feel HOST 's thighs pressing against either side of your body nervously.  "What kind of artifact was it?  You know you're not supposed to mess with them outside the lab, who knows what crazy shit could happen outside of the containment field!  Come on, we have to get you to the lab, right now!"  The shepherd grabs HOST by the wrist and tries to pull him toward the door before noticing HOST 's hesitation.
"What's wrong?  Why aren't you coming with me?  Where's the artifact?"  

Option1: HOST explains the entire situation to Ruger

Option2: HOST refuses to go with Ruger  <This options leads back to the day-loop with a short outro paragraph of Ruger Chastizing your host>

Option1:  HOST sighs nervously and begins explaining the entire situation to the shepherd, who listens intently until HOST gets to the part about you.  He goes into full detail, explaining how you had become merged to his member, much to your embarrassment. 
The dog perks his ears and moves in closer, kneeling on the floor in front of HOST, "Let me see him... that your shorts off"  The shepherd says sternly.  You could feel HOST loosening his shorts around your body, the sound of the zipper being unzipped could be heard through your warm, slick, sheath home. 
"Oh shit, you're not exagerating!"  You could hear the shepherd say, his voice slightly muffed by the thick flesh of HOST 's sheath.  HOST emitted a shudder when Ruger's paw pulled back on the flesh of his sheath, exposing your head.  "Shit!"  Ruger says when he sees your head, "Its worse than I thought!  We have to do something or else he's going to be lost permanently!"  
HOST whimpers a little and pulls away from Ruger, "What do you mean 'lost'?  What's going to happen to him?"  
You could see the shepherd shaking his head and standing up as HOST's sheath slides back over your head, obscuring your view.  "I mean that he's going to eventually become fully a cock and at that point, not even the most skilled in the arcane arts will be able to separate him from your body, he'll be lost forever!"
For a moment, you ponder the implciations of such an event; perhaps it wouldn't be that bad, feeling pleasure and serving HOST day-in and day-out as his penis.  You then shake your head, wiggling it in HOST's sheath; you had to clear your head of thoughts like that!
